BUG: fix calling Table.group_by on an empty table (#15938)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/15938.bugfix.rst

> Fix calling ``Table.group_by`` on an empty table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling ``Table.group_by`` on an empty table no longer raises an exception.
```
